Peerapat Chiaprasert (Chin)
peerapat.chiaprasert@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/chpeerapat | (+66)86-624-6630 | Bangkok, Thailand

Profile Summary

Results-driven leader with 8+ years of experience in launching and scaling successful ventures in the e-commerce and food tech start-up sectors. Proven track record in developing and executing comprehensive go-to-market strategies, managing high-impact initiatives, and scaling digital commerce platforms.

Successfully launched and scaled GrabFood in Thailand, becoming market leader within 8 months through strategic go-to-market initiatives and cross-functional leadership.

Pioneered the GrabKitchen concept, leveraging data-driven insights to build a profitable, scalable business model valued at 400M THB annual GMV.

Curated and expanded TiffinLabs' delivery-only restaurant brands to 100 storefronts, through strategic product development and digital marketing initiatives.

Areas of Expertise

- Go-to-Market Strategy
- Strategic Planning
- Business Development
- E-commerce Strategy
- Product Management
- Data Analysis & Insights
- Cross-Functional Leadership
- Partnership Management
- Project Management
- Market Research
- P&L Management

Work Experience

TiffinLabs
Country General Manager
Mar 2022 - Oct 2023

Expanded TiffinLabs' 100 storefronts of delivery-centric brand in Thailand. Built and directed entire business team, namely, marketing, business development, and operations.

Crafted product value proposition to launch 7 delivery-focused food brands, defining brand roadmap to ensure product-market fit while setting up process to capture changing trends.

Improved GMV by 20% on a monthly basis, streamlining the company's marketing plans with the delivery platform to maximize NPD sales, and scheduling regular product enhancements.

Reduced COGS by 15%, initiating fulfillment partnership with distributor, crafting and negotiating terms, achieving target price, quality and faster sourcing process.

Grab
Head, GrabKitchen (2019-2022)
Jun 2017 - Feb 2022

Established GrabKitchen as the largest cloud kitchen network in Thailand, developing an asset-lite model and securing a deal with a top F&B company (CRG), resulting in a scalable and profitable business model.

Achieved 20% GMV uplift and 4x ROI from initiating and managing marketing campaigns, including thematic campaigns, strategic partnerships, and JBPs.

Developed feasibility model to ensure profitability of individual kitchens and calculate payback period, constructing the model using past performance and location-specific demand trends data.

Maintained high retention rate at all kitchen locations with 90% occupancy and <10% churn rate by using effective selection and leading data-driven sales pitches from analysis of geo-specific data points.

Developed and maintained a portfolio valued at more than 400 mn THB in annual GMV, which included over 120 F&B accounts, including street vendors, local chains, QSRs, and strategic partners.

Operations Manager, GrabFood | Special Project Lead, GrabBike & GrabExpress (2017-2019)

Propelled GrabFood to be market leader with 10k+ completed daily orders within 8 months, established key functions including fleet management, business development, revenue collection, and customer services.

Developed and executed a highly impactful go-to-market e-commerce strategy for prominent national brands such as MK, Starbucks, After You, Tim Hortons, CRG, MINOR, and other top F&B players.

Formed and fostered high-performing teams across different functions and locations, overseeing more than 100 staff members, including 7 direct reports.

Contributed 10% GMV increment from launching 3PL services, collaborating with B2B sales team to create commercial terms, leading sales pitch and securing BigC and Villa Market.

Ipsos Business Consulting
Associate Consultant
Jul 2016 - May 2017

Formulated e-payment business model and selected strategic partners to ensure a successful launch with insightful market data and list of shortlisted potential partners.

Crafted a go-to-market strategy for a Thai financial institution, facilitating the launch of e-commerce business by executing comprehensive market research and analysis.

EY (Ernst & Young)
Consultant
Feb 2015 - Jun 2016

Developed costing model to identify service costs, addressing profitability issues for hospitals under Ministry of Public Health across the country.

Improved efficiency for listed manufacturing company using business process improvement framework, creating business flow charts, SOPs, and ERP integration

Education

Thammasat University
Bachelor of Accounting (International Program)
Jun 2011 - Dec 2014